In this video.
We're going to move on to our next request.
HANDLER We're going to work on this kind of show route right here.
So this route, we're going to make a request to API tickets and then the ID of a very particular ticket
that has already been saved to our database.
We should then attempt to find that ticket inside the database and return it.
Naturally, if we cannot find that ticket, we'll respond with a 404 error.
We're going to once again do a kind of test driven development approach.
We're not really following test driven development here, like in the strictest sense, we should really
call it a test first approach just to be a little bit more precise.
So I'm going to find my routes directory.
I'll find the test folder inside there.
And inside that I'll make a new file called Show Test TS.
Well then import everything needed to actually test out this new route handler so I will import request
from super test.
And my express app from up one directory up another app.
All right.
I'm then going to write out two different test cases because this thing is going to be pretty straightforward
and functionality.
I'm going to first check and make sure that if we do not find the ticket that we're looking for, we
return a status of 404.
So let's say it returns a four of four.
If the ticket is not found.
That's case number one.
Then case number two.
It returns the ticket if the ticket is found.
So we can now start to write out the implementation for both these and the first one I'll do and await
request to the app.
We want to do a get request to API tickets and then remember, whatever we put right here is the idea
of the ticket that we're trying to look up.
So in this case, I want to make sure that I'm making a request to a ticket that definitely does not
exist.
So I'm going to put in some really fake looking ID like so.
After that.
Let's go ahead and send the request off.
And then I will expect to get a four of four status code in response.
Now, as a quick reminder, if we run this test right now, it is going to pass, but it's going to
pass because we do not even have a route handler defined for this route just yet.
So right now, it's erroneous pass.
We're going to want to make sure that after we actually define the request handler, it does truly give
us back a 404.
Let's also take care of the second test just right now.
Just get it all done with.
There's two ways that we can really write this test out.
In order to test this thing, we need to make sure that there is some ticket inside the database before
we attempt to fetch it.
And really, there's two ways to make sure there is a ticket inside the database.
We can either attempt to access the ticket model directly from inside this test and do something like
ticket build with blah, blah, blah, some data and then tickets save.
That's method number one.
The other thing we could possibly do is make a request to build the ticket on the fly so we can make
a request to create the ticket and then attempt to fetch it right after.
I personally like option number two because it really simulates us using our API directly.
We can use option number one right here with that a doubt, totally valid.
And some people will tell you that this is the better way to do it because in option number two, we
are technically kind of we kind of have a test here that is testing some other code that we're not really
directly trying to test.
So some people will tell you option number two is not great.
However, I think it's just kind of represents reality a little bit more.
So I'm going to go with option number two.
So in other words, we're going to make a request over to that same route handler we just put together
a moment ago.
So I will do a wait request to EP.
I'm going to do a post to API tickets.
I'm going to make sure I set the cookie on there because we have to be authenticated to make the request.
I'll then send along some valid title.
And once again, let's define the title and price ahead of time just to make sure we can do an actual
assertion and make sure that the ticket we find has the correct data on it.
So up here I'll do a title of concert.
And how about a price of 20?
And I'll send along that title and that price.
So after creating that, I will still expect to get back at 201 again.
We kind of don't really want to be testing this other root handler inside of the different show test
file.
But nonetheless, I'm just going to make sure that the creation is working as expected.
Now that should give us back a response.
So I'm going to capture that response.
And remember, in the response, we are sending back the entire ticket after it is created.
So inside that response is the ID of the ticket that we just made.
So we can use that ID to now do a follow up request and make sure that we can actually catch the ticket
that we were just asking for.
So I'm going to make a second request here.
I'm going to call the response ticket response.
I'm going to make the request.
It's going to be a gift.
And I'm going to make this request with some tactics because I want to be able to take the IDD out of
that response and put it into this URL.
So there's my interpolation right there and I'm going to take a look at response dot body ID.
So that should be the ID of the ticket that was just made during the first request.
I'll then send this off.
I'm going to expect.
To get a 200.
And I'm specifically putting that in there to make sure that we do not get a 404.
So now we can inspect the response.
Take the data out of there once again and make sure that it has the correct title and the correct price
so we can put in and expect to get response.
Dot Body Dot Title.
And I can expect that to equal title.
And ticket response body price.
To equal rights.
Here we go.
So now once again, I know writing the test out ahead of time is just a little bit annoying, but look
at this.
We've got something to make sure that our route handler works without having even done any work on the
route handler itself.
So once again, I don't have to worry about postman, I don't have to worry about opening my browser
or anything like that.
I can just develop my API in isolation.
Let's go back over to our terminal.
Let's make sure that these tests are running.
It looks like returns the ticket if the ticket is found.
We expected a 200, but we got a 404.
Totally makes sense because we've not even defined that route.
HANDLER And again, the other test is passing erroneously because we have not defined that route handler
at all.
And it's being captured right now.
Buy that not found middleware that we wired up back inside the app file.
So there's our test file.
Quick pause right here and we'll build out our implementation in just a moment.